Peggy 12
Oh
night
the door is open Sora now we can go to
the outside world proceed Sora to lose
and clay minus the Heartless have great
fear of the Keyblade that's why they'll
keep coming at me no matter what when
you're sleeping memories awaken you may
no longer be who you are now I've become
part of their hurt if they think of me
now and then if they don't forget me
then our hearts will be one
call out to that piece of memory that
glimmers faintly deep inside your heart
no matter how far away the light gets
your hearts release will always reach
wake you
say
darkness conquers all world
you're wrong I know now without a doubt
kingdom hearts is light don't ever
forget wherever you go I'm always with
you if only things could stay like this
forever
he is what makes you and she own a part
of each other's lives
get it memorized all right we are best
friends this is the place I come from I
just know it shione has no right to be
among her number then Sora might wake up
for me to find out that nobody remembers
him anymore I don't even know essaouira
I have the right to know the truth what
am I supposed to do beacon